everyone is j again and has a big screen
because i'm about to show the new part
chapter 2 because days for 12th wow
that's great I didn't expect you to
retrieve the lovers era so soon your we
are really strong ninja but I just have
to get back to my Cupid's bow I can't
work with him I bow the bow was actually
taken by a horrible man his Thunderbolt
attacks are almost invincible you should
be careful and it just automatically
summons me to go fight him all right let
me go ahead and fix the screen and fight
this mysterious boss here all right I
completely missed what he just did there
because I couldn't see it I was trying
to set up my he did someone attack
oh wow Zeus best turn down flame it
costs a lot of stuff to fight this guy
so it was probably not the best decision
to fight him alone because I would
really be bothered if I had to fight
them alone and then lost
but oh well it's going to be worth it in
the end I hope
okay let's see here stud on wine hunt
he's probably restricted or something
but whatever
I think that's the movie used at the
beginning
God's banish
that's funny I was just sitting there
thinking I bet that would hurt if it hit
me it hit me didn't do it wasn't that
bad
I wish I could see what my Dodge rate
was right now though
that's cool
I was really hoping to wait till he was
silhouetted before I did that but oh
oh nice I appreciate that God or Zeus or
whatever says God hammering God stuff at
his name is Zeus
hey doesn't make sense so
gripper feet I love always just keeps
missing me it's amazing crazy smart
theory
there you go win peace I love how fast
like so flexible comes back if you use a
if you dance of Fuji it's really
convenient
hmm wonder how much healthy has oh nice
not much
really running a little chakra too I
didn't notice that till just now I were
to the head first and I'll take care of
the rest I'm not sure prolly use
flexible oh well it's can use a blessed
my chakra
I don't waste ultimate dance here
this is one of the reasons why I haven't
really used it because I knew that I
wouldn't need to spend a lot of tracker
on it and
anyway and the cooldown on ultimate
dance is actually longer than extreme
mode there we go oh is that it he
doesn't defeat the head hey all right
cool if you guys want to defeat him
quickly just go straight for the head
and now i have 1 cubed bow and i believe
i need three for the jutsu
I 92 for the jutsu okay that's a lot
better but I only had two friendship
Coon eyes to begin with and that means
I'm probably only gonna get this on one
ninja and I guess it's already have one
boho MJ it makes sense together the
other bow anyway let me go ahead and
beat this guy one more time and show you
the new jutsu alright I'm back and let's
give this new jutsu close it you go
ahead and a club it doesn't really
matter what I replace it for
ex-lover
alright see here mission sure daily
mission
let's do a little 31 because my pet
won't kill a little 30 in a hit
and here is the new jutsu
huh
well first of all that most certainly
wasn't what I was expecting when I saw
that into I did not expect to shoot a
laser I kind of expected like from where
I was this heart was gonna kind of move
across the screen and a diversity and
that's what I was expecting a detriment
to shoot a literal laser and someone
that's pretty cool I guess but it was
not definitely wasn't what I was
expecting but it seems this jutsu is so
powerful it freezes your game because as
you can see I just did my turn and
nothing is happening it's like pvp all
over again anyway thanks for watching I
hope you guys enjoyed and I'll catch you
guys next time later